
file name
  In the context of the file system.

  The name of a file including all dot suffices etc, but not including the directory
  path for finding it on disk

file type
  In the context of the file system.

  For the archive, we only consider three types: file with data contents, file with link
  contents (symbolic link), and a special file (such as a socket). Currently we ignore
  special files, and do not recognize hard links as such.

node
  In the context of the archive.
  A number used to identify a stored file.

node phrase
  In the context of archive, and more specifically that of taxonomy files.
  A phrase that holds infomration about a node.

node_set
  In the context of archive, and more specifically that of taxonomy files.
  A sequence of phrases, starting with a node phrase, and followed by source
  phrases for the node.
        
path 
  In the context of the file system.

   relative:
      starting from a given directory a list of directories for finding a given file.
      the special directory '..' refers to the parent directory from the position thus
      far found in the path

   absolute:
    starting from the root of the file system a list of directories
    for finding the directory that contains a given file.

pathname
  In the context of the file system, and used in taxonomy files.
  Path followed by a slash followed by a file name in one string.

phrase 
  In the context of archive, and more specifically that of taxonomy files.
  Starting with the type token, a sequence of tokens on the same line (or line pair for '.' notation)

source phrase
  In the context of archive, and more specifically that of taxonomy files.
  A phrase with type 'source'.  Documents the pathname and mtime of a source file.

source_file
  In the context of the file system.
  A file that was copied into the archive.

sources_file
   In the context of the archive.
   Same as a taxonomy file.  

taxonomy
   In the context of the archive.
   All the pathnames and mtimes for all the nodes.

taxonomy file
   In the context of the archive.
   Found under the 'only-one/tax' directory.

   Holds node_sets which provide a) a node number b) pathnames and mtimes for all the
   sources files that correspond to said node.

taxonomy pathname
   In the context of the file system structure of the archive.
   The pathname for a taxonomy file within the archive.
   Currently something like 'only-one/tax/sources;0'.

token 
   In the context of archive, and more specifically that of taxonomy files.
   Coponent of phrases.
   Current starts with a '#' and then takes on one of two forms.

versioned file name
   In the context of the file system structure of the archive.
   A file name with a suffix of a semicolon followed by a version number.  
   e.g. ';0' for version 0, which is the most recent version.
   Such file names are found in the 'only-one/tax' directory.

